iwindow menu Scaling

This drop-down list gives the following options:
  0 = No scaling
  1 = Scale to image min/max
  2 = Scale to specified min/max
  3 = Percentile scaling
  4 = Variance scaling
  5 = Unsharp masking
  6 = Interactive scaling
  7 = Apply scaling from last interactive

Interactive image scaling allows an unscaled image to be
loaded in the iwindow and then scaled as desired.  For
example, a floating image with values from 0 to 1 may be
loaded and then scaled to the image min and max.

The number for each scaling option the value to give when
setting the scaling under program control.

0 = No scaling
  This just displays the image as is.  If it happens to have
  a range of 0 to 255 it may show well.  If the range is
  something else it will display the image value mod 256, so
  large value ranges will show banded contours.

1 = Scale to image min/max
  This displays the image with the minimum value scaled to 0
  and the maximum value scaled to 255.  This option may work
  well for many images.

2 = Scale to specified min/max
  This option allows a min and max to be entered.  The image
  is clipped to these limits and then scaled 0 to 255 for
  display.  Any new image loaded will use the same scaling
  values, which may or may not be useful for that image.
  The user may enter the min and max values.

3 = Percentile scaling
  This is a useful autoscaling option.  An image histogram is
  computed and a lower and upper clipping applied.  The default
  is to clip 1 percent off the low and high end of the image.
  This often gives a good result.  The user may enter the lower
  and upper histogram clipping limits.

4 = Variance scaling
  This option is useful for looking for image defects, like hot
  of cold pixels.  The image variance is computed in a square
  neighborhood around each pixel.  Resulting values from 0 to
  a set cutoff are scaled for display.  The user may enter the
  neighborhood width and cutoff.

5 = Unsharp masking
  A smoothed copy of the image may be subtracted from the original
  image.  The smoothed version may be weighted first.  The result
  is percentil scaled for display.  This is a form of image
  sharpening.  The user may enter the smoothing width and the
  weighting factor.  Also the percentile scaling parameters may be
  entered.

6 = Interactive scaling
  This option allows the image to be interactively scaled.
  A graphical display will be shown showing the image
  transformation.  The actual image values are represented
  the horizontal axis.  The scaled output values are
  represented by the vertical axis.  The vertical axis extends
  from 0 to 255, the horizontal from the image min to max, neither
  are labeled with values.  The display starts with a diagonal line
  showing the initial transformation.  This is changed by dragging
  a marker.  The marker starts in the center of the upper half of
  the display.  Drag the marker up or down to change image contrast
  and left or right to change image brightness.  Labels on the
  display indicate this.  The upper half of the display is for
  positive images.  If the marker is dragged to the lower half the
  image displays as a negative.  For an exact negative put the
  marker at the center of the bottom half of the display.

7 = Apply scaling from last interactive
  Set this to use the scaling last set interactively.

  Note: where the user can enter scaling parameters, these are
  remembered as long as the same scaling method is called.  If
  if different scaling is called then the parameters are reset
  to the default values.  This allows the parameters to be
  adjusted more easily.
